.
Let this motherfucker party
begin!
This time we are back
where we belong.
Newcastle.
With our friends.
And family.
Yoo-hoo!
Nana!
Doing the things we love.
There'll be some new faces.
Hello!
Plenty of old faces.
Aussie Aussie Aussie!
And one big blast from the past.
Long time, no fucking see!
But don't worry.
We're still proper radge.
Which means getting inebriated.
You mean mortal.
Lots of fornication.
Shagging, you divvy.
Hello!
And lots and lots of mayhem.
(screaming)
Fuck off! Now!
# Baby, you're the reason
I can't shake this feeling
# I know that you're feeling it
too #
Shut your fucking mouth.
(cheering)
Gonna be pure fucking belter.
Tonight is our games night.
If you can't arch your back
more,
I understand why you're single.
What's got into Faith?
It's out of order.
Adam is more interested in
pulling
than in our friendship.
Who the fuck?
Friends need housesitters
in Benidorm.
My nana is in Benidorm.
This villa is unbelievable.
(cheering)
We're all here in Benidorm,
yet they keep separating
themselves.
People down here.
We need to cut them first.
Don't get upset over pizza.
You're not getting jealous, are
you?
I can't believe I hit Sam
and I fell out with my best
mate.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm tanned, toned
and ready to tash on.
I've got more cheek
that a girl with fillers.
I can talk the back legs
off a donkey.
I'm happy-go-lucky,
bit of a Jack the lad.
I'm fake, flirty
and I've got double Fs.
What you see is what you get.
Fun.
I cannae believe anyone
would put me in charge.
Geordie Shore. Why aye!
What a fucking night.
I know. What the hell happened?
What happened last night?
My best friend hit my boyfriend.
Now I'm in the middle.
What was Sophie thinking?
I didn't say anything, then got
hit.
Unprovoked.
She can say sorry
and I'll be sound with her,
but I'm not gonna pretend to
play
happy families.
After that, I'm not interested
no more.
Sophie went too far last night.
She's been on my back for too
long.
Last night was the final straw.
You've gotta understand as well,
like, it's hard in here for me.
Because, like, you're my
boyfriend
and these are me friends.
I really hope Sam and Sophie
are gonna make up
because I am in
such an awkward position.
Last night, also,
Nathan was arguing with me.
Who the fuck on their right mind
gets back, cooks pizzas
and starts slicing bits?
I wanna get the pizza, rip it
apart
and put it in my mush.
It feels like we are separated
from the gang.
Sophie punched me and Nathan
kicked off at Chloe for no
reason.
Is it me or is everyone else
deluded?
Oh, my God.
What the fuck happened?
I've woken up this morning
so hungover.
But I've gotta see what's going
on,
cos it got out of hand
last night.
I've gotta apologise
for raising my hand,
but I can't be arsed with him.
I know I was in the wrong,
but jealous?
What am I jealous about?
I'm quite happy with things.
I just hate to see my friend
Chloe
upset.
My problem isn't so much with
Sam.
My argument most was with her.
Sometimes it does frustrate me,
like, when them two are awful,
she's my best friend.
"Oh, you're my bestie."
And the second they're good,
it's like, "Hi, Sam. Love you,
Sam."
Me and Chloe are supposed to be
besties,
but she only wants me to cry on.
When her and Sam are fine,
she's nowhere to be seen.
It's gonna be awkward at
breakfast.
Confrontation is something
I'm very used to in here.
I have had my fair share of
drama
in this house already.
But last night was awful.
It's not us.
We're not the problem.
Cos we're all here together.
It's them.
This has a bad effect on the
house.
I've never -
Oh. Was that a fanny fart?
Yeah.
I'm regretting letting you sleep
in my bed. I really am.
My nose is blocked from the
flight.
I think that's disgusting
what you've just done.
I know. I agree, if I'm honest.
It smells like the Tyne at low
tide.
Let's get out and make some
brekkie.
Eugh. Look at the make up
on her pillow.
Tramp.
Oh, Adam!
Morning, kid!
What a sexy man you are.
(chuckles)
Last night it all kicked off.
I'm just pleased to keep out.
I hope it gets sorted
and we can enjoy the holiday.
What are you gonna do?
Are yous gonna speak or not?
Oh... Not sure?
Just can't be arsed.
Oh. What you doing?
Cleaning the pool.
Oh, he's coming out.
I've got you some brekkie here.
There's a big elephant in this
room.
Is Sophie gonna apologise or
what?
Nathan, what are you doing?
I'm cleaning the pool.
After all the drama last night,
I'm keeping myself to myself.
I can't be arsed with Chloe.
Come over here and give us
a fucking hand, will you?
Adam's tried his best,
but the atmosphere stinks.
Nathan is blanking us. Sam and
Sophie can't look at each other.
This is my worst nightmare.
Hey. Fucking hell.
It's a bit awkward, this.
This is the most awkward
breakfast
I've ever had.
We need to bring the family
back together.
Yous is so hot.
Oh, fuck.
(phone rings)
Hello?
Oh, hi, Anna.
I know. I feel so bad.
I don't know what got into us.
I'm sorry.
A drinking ban is bad.
But one in Benners? That is
harsh.
But it serves us right
for hitting Sam.
As we're off to the beach, it
seems
a good idea to get my nana out.
Howay.
Shall we go?
Let's go to the beach.
We have just arrived at the
beach
and the atmosphere is pretty
shite.
Abbie! Hiya!
Hang on a minute.
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
No, it's Abbie's nana!
Hiya!
Oh, my God!
Hiya! Are you all right?
Hi, Nana!
How are you? Are you all right?
Yeah. Are you? Do you want a
croggy?
Never fear. Nana's here.
I'll show you young
whippersnappers
how to party in Beni.
Ooh. Style it.
I'm so glad that Nana made it.
The atmosphere has totally
lifted
and it's nice to see some
smiles.
I wanna go in the sea.
I love swimming, me.
I'm gonna come with you.
This is my first holiday
away from home
and I am determined to have a
laugh.
I think it's about time I got
some sun cream on you, treacle.
How's that for you?
Charisma.
Ooh. I feel as though I'm in
Ghost!
Get off her. Howay, Christine.
You need to cool down after
that.
I'm not sure I can stomach this
and I don't think Nana can.
She's overheating.
Oh!
Ooh!
Ooh.
She's got more crack than you.
Fuck off! I was rinsing you dry
last night.
I know you were.
You know what, Abbie? It's nice
me and you can have a laugh now
and we're not involved in the
drama.
We're in a good place. It's so
nice
to have a laugh without any
drama.
I don't know what is gonna
happen.
I hope they make up. I hate
drama.
I hope they sort it out
cos I feel there is a divide.
I mean, Adam, we're in Benidorm
on our holidays.
No one should be arguing.
Honestly, Abbie, it's fucking
shit.
The family is all over the
place.
Sam and Chloe on one side
and Nathan and Chloe on the
other.
After last night,
I need to speak to Chloe.
She's in a difficult position.
I need her to hear my side.
What happened last night?
This morning, like,
he was in shock.
He just didn't understand
when you punched him and stuff.
Punching's out of order.
Why would he think I'm jealous,
when, in reality,
I think she can do better?
I know Sophie doesn't want us
to get hurt.
The thing that hurts is that
she hit my boyfriend
and she needs to make it right.
What do you reckon
they're talking about?
What the hell has Sophie got to
say
to Chloe?
I'm the one that got hit.
She should be talking to me.
It's out of order.
It is, mate.
I just think, for your sake,
I will make it up with him.
I'll talk to him cos it's
awkward.
I don't want you to think
you're second best.
I'll always have your back.
I feel so much better.
Me and Chloe are OK.
I will apologise to Sam.
I shouldn't have hit him.
But that comment was out of
order.
You and Nathan not speaking
doesn't help. It's a big divide.
I don't even know what I've
done.
He said sometimes when you argue
with Sam,
you and him are close.
But then when you and Sam are
OK,
he's like, "Where's she gone?"
Why have all my mates got a
problem
with Sam?
They're my best pals.
Why can't they be happy?
If he wants to speak to us,
he can, but I'm not.
I'm not gonna argue over a
pizza.
It was shit.
How old are you?!
22. How old are you?
22. Why are you making
sandcastles?
This one's therapeutic.
Look at that.
That's actually good.
We may be at the beach together,
but the atmosphere is weird.
This is meant to be
a fun family day out.
I feel like Sophie must feel
so awkward.
To be honest, what she done
was embarrassing, you know?
It's a bit uncomfortable.
Sophie hasn't spoken to Sam.
Until then, the family has got
a massive divide.
I can't be through with it
until she explains herself.
Then that's sort of that, isn't
it?
Me and you'll go home.
Come on. Howay.
We're gonna go home.
We'll see yous out.
Are you sure?
Yeah, we'll see yous tonight,
mate.
Right. See yous in a bit.
See yous later. Bye.
There they go.
It's Sam and Chloe time.
They're ditching us again.
To Nana!
They need to make up and move
on.
Let's water the plants!
Fancy some champers?
Oh. Dirty bastard.
(retches)
Geordie Shore. Why aye!
.
We've had an awkward day
at the beach.
Sam and Chloe have gone home
early.
Let's hope that Nana
can lift everyone's spirits.
There were arguments between
Sophie,
Nathan, Sam and Chloe.
It's just been a bit shit today,
so I think they've been upset
and fucked off.
Listen, y'all need to stop.
No arguing.
You need all to be friends.
You all live together,
so it's not worth it.
These guys need to realise that
life
is too short for petty
arguments.
They need to make up and move
on.
Cheers!
To Nana!
Nana!
So, what got said?
She feels bad about hitting you.
She hit you because you made
the jealous comment.
I think my jealousy comment
hit a nerve with Sophie.
But if she wasn't jealous,
why would she react like that?
That's my opinion.
I definitely don't think
she's jealous of me and you.
I think she made a point today.
She just wants me to be happy.
I've got Sophie saying one thing
and Sam saying another.
I don't really care!
Just make friends!
It's so awkward for us
cos yous are both arguing.
I'm not arguing.
I mean yous argued last night.
Have a chat and finally squash
this.
If you don't want to be friends,
drop it.
We want to enjoy our time.
I don't want this to ruin
the holiday,
but Sophie has got to apologise
because she's in the wrong.
Whatever happens, we're in it
together.
Let's get some food and get
ready.
Come on, good looking.
We're back at the villa.
Nana has put some perspective
on the situation.
Let's hope they sort their shit
out.
Now let's get ready.
Girls!
Yeah?
Come on. We're going.
Girls.
We're coming!
The atmosphere is not good.
I just need to bite the bullet.
I'd like to apologise for last
night.
It was out of order.
Violence is not good.
I am sorry for raising my hand.
Finally, an apology!
She took her time with it,
but I do appreciate it.
I just wish she could have done
it
first thing.
I'm on a drinking ban tonight,
so I'll be quiet.
I want yous to have a drink for
me.
I just hope that's the end of
it,
so I can enjoy me night.
Cheers!
Howay, then.
I think that was nice of Sophie,
apologising in front of
everyone.
She's done it.
That took the edge off.
Sophie's apology was
appreciated,
but I feel like we need to chat
to put this to bed.
We get in the club
and I'm on a mission to get
mortal.
I cannot be arsed
with all this drama.
I can't believe I'm on
a fucking drinking ban in Beni.
Me mouth is so dry
it's like the Sahara desert.
I'm parched.
It's great having fun with Adam.
We're just friends and
we can just have a laugh
together.
We've been here before
with these two stubborn
bastards.
They just need to sort it out.
I've got bigger problems with
Sam.
I will apologise to Chloe,
but she's already half cut,
so I'm not doing it now.
I get that Sam and Chloe
have their problems.
Every couple does.
But I don't want Sophie to get
too involved
cos it could blow up in her
face.
As far as I'm aware,
Sophie has apologised and that's
it.
I want the whole family
to have a good night.
Even though Chloe's mortal,
it's great that she realises
it's stupid
and that they need to talk.
Finally, a proper chat.
Hopefully, they'll sort it,
cos I'm in the middle.
I get that Sophie only hears
the negatives,
but every couple has problems,
so why can't she let us work it
out?
In the past, I've seen Sam
treat Chloe bad.
I can't forget that.
Even if Chloe can.
That's because she's head over
heels
over him.
I understand Sophie's looking
out
for her mate,
but we both love Chloe and
we both want what's best for
her.
I'll give the benefit of the
doubt.
I just want to see Chloe happy.
If she's happy, then I'm happy.
It looks like Sophie and Sam
have sorted it out.
I hope I can enjoy
the rest of my holiday.
(cheering)
As banging as this club is,
we're mortal.
Let's get back
and carry on the party.
Sexy bastards.
I feel...
Ow! Me arm!
Aw. Get me some fucking scran.
Another great night in Beni.
The family is finally back
together
and we are all mortal.
Let's water the plants!
One bite! One bite!
All of it.
(cheering)
That orchid looks very dry
and very thirsty.
Fancy some champers?
(cheering)
Well, this is rather awkward.
It's safe to say Chloe's not
employee of the month.
I tell you what -
Have this champagne.
I am out my fucking head.
Why am I throwing salt at
Nathan?
Does he like chips?
No, Nathan.
You want to fuck on me?
Nathan!
Sam, you think you're the big
man
with the salt. Want some
vinegar?
(retches)
Go on! Get them!
(laughter)
Maybe that was a bad idea.
(retches)
Oh! Dirty bastard!
Stop it.
Oh, my God. These radgies are
gone.
And I'm sober. So I'm off to
kip.
Hello.
I'm as mortal as Chloe,
so now seems like the perfect
time
to sort out all our problems.
I'd like to start by saying -
(coughs)
Sorry. I was just coughing up -
No, it was me coughing up my
pride.
(splashing)
These two are mortal.
They're not gonna make up
tonight.
Come on, Chlo. Bed.
Goodnight.
Goodnight. Goodnight.
Let's get a splash for some
gash.
I love getting wet.
Fuck me. I am not going on that.
I need to go for a poo.
Are you pissed?
No. Well, maybe a daiquiri or
two.
Geordie Shore. Why aye!
.
I've woken up and don't want to
waste any tanning time.
So me and Faith are getting
in the sun.
Morning. Good morning, cherub.
How are you?
Morning, baby girls.
I can't lie in that. I'll sit
here.
It's hot, innit? Yeah.
Nathan, did you and Chloe make
up
last night?
Yeah, but it was kind of like...
It was silly cos we were both
drunk.
We just skimmed over things.
I'm not gonna draw attention to
it.
I don't see the point in
dragging it out.
I get that, but you do need a
talk.
More than it being -
Yous were both drunk last night.
There is no way that those two
made up properly.
They were both fucked.
At least I made up with Sam.
And then I went,
"Just to let you know
I haven't got anything against
you,
just your relationship,
I've got an opinion on."
As far as I'm concerned,
me and Sam are fine.
We both said our piece
and we can move on.
I do think it was right that
you apologised
and was the bigger person.
Yeah.
I'm fucking sweating, me.
I'm gonna dip my legs in the
pool.
Fucking hot, mate.
Some domestic goddess you are.
The one that pissed all over
the plants last night. Fuck me.
Why aye.
What plant?
Some outside.
The ones we're meant to be
looking after.
Apparently, it needed some
water.
Did I give it a golden shower?
Is it good for the plants or
bad?
Probably good, like.
That's why I did it.
Cos I'm a domesticated goddess!
What about you and Nathan?
So, to be honest,
I'm gonna be completely
truthful,
I don't remember a thing.
I can't remember what me and
Nathan
talked about.
I think we made up,
but I'm not sure.
It's a good jolly day.
It's a good day to be alive.
You made up with Sophie,
so I'm not in the middle
anymore.
After chatting to Sophie,
we can move on from her hitting
me
and get on with this trip
in Benidorm.
Sam. Chloe. Adam. Come on!
Yous coming then?
All right, Abbie.
Let's see what the craic is.
Good morning. Good morning.
Good morning, friends and
family.
Can you remember pissing on
the orchids?
I don't think I want to.
All jokes aside, right,
how do yous feel about going to
the waterpark? Yes!
That's a fucking cracking idea.
I love waterparks and getting
wet.
Come on then. Without further
ado.
Let's get our fucking swimming
gear
on.
What better way to get over
a hangover than go to a
waterpark?
Jolly times!
Come on then.
See yous at the park, bitches.
Ta-ta.
Oi, yous, I can see the
waterpark.
We're here!
(cheering)
Oh, my God. It looks sick.
Howay, gang. Let's get a splash
for some gash.
We've arrived at the park
and it looks amazing.
Get me on those rides.
What the hell?!
(screams)
Fuck me! That is a massive
slide.
I am not going on that.
All right then. Howay.
Everyone knows I do not poo or
fart
in front of Sam.
But I just went down a slide
and nearly shat myself.
Kill me now.
I need to go for a poo.
(laughs)
Are you not going on any?
I want to, but my hair's a
nightmare.
Wait, cos I really want to
watch this, please.
Faith and Abbie.
(screaming)
Faith's proper game, you know.
She likes rides.
What's going on with you?
I think I am really enjoying
being single.
Like, I've had so much fun
in the past few months
going on holidays with the girls
and you,
and getting away
and coming to places like this.
Even though I've had fun
with the girls,
it's been shit arguing with
my mate's fella.
I wouldn't mind being with a
hunk
for a bit of fun.
I mean, I know I had Alex
in Australia.
That was amazing.
I did have him there and he's
lovely,
but...
Alex was a holiday romance
that Sophie needed.
She needs some more fun times
with some fit guys.
At first, we thought
he was annoying.
Then the attraction came
afterwards.
He was a bit of fun.
I've never really liked water.
I'm a really big water baby.
I'm always in the water.
I think I was a mermaid
in a past life.
I got my one metre badge.
Yeah, that's good.
It's nice having some bonding
time
with Chloe.
It's great that we're getting
along
so well.
Just do it.
No. No -
More -
Me and Faith haven't seen
eye to eye,
but we're getting on
and she's settling in.
This is the one you might like,
but it's underwater.
You just splash around.
I can't believe how well
today's gone.
Especially cos of the drama
that's been going on.
Now everyone seems a family.
Considering where we were
yesterday.
I'm glad we've broken the
divide.
I'll tell you who I would've
loved
to have been here in her bikini.
Your nana!
Why don't we -
We should get her out tonight.
Oh, yeah. Last night in Beni.
We'll get Nana out
and she'll drink yous
under the table.
As long as she brings that
scooter.
I can't wait to see Abbie's nana
again.
She's more radge than all of us.
Come on then.
Let's get home.
Let's get ready.
Today has been mint,
but it's time to get back to
the house.
I am buzzing for the last night
in Benidorm.
It's our last night
and I'm thinking about home.
I'm gonna give Holly a cheeky
call
and see where the hell she is.
(dialling tone)
Hello. Is that my Holly dolly?
How are you, my darling?
It's amazing to hear Holly's
voice.
I can't wait to catch up with
her
and fill her in on the gossip.
I just need me girl back,
to be honest.
There is so much to catch up on.
I don't know where to start.
I can't wait to see you.
I will. Love you.
After everything that's gone on,
having my Holly back in the
house
will be amazing.
I rang Holly earlier and I was
like,
"Where the hell are you?"
She said she'd extend her
holiday
and come soon.
Lucky her! We're working!
All this talk about Holly
is making us miss home
and my rat babies.
I hope Uncle Scott
has looked after them.
What is Holly like?
She's very intelligent.
She knows how to spell
everything.
Howay, you bunch of
beaver-wearing
beavers.
I'm so happy everyone is
friends.
Tonight we can enjoy our night.
(doorbell)
Wahey!
Let's get this party started!
Hiya!
Nana's here to get the party
started. Tonight is gonna be
wicked.
I can't wait to get out
and shake a nifty clog.
I'll drink to that.
Nana!
What better way to end our stay
in Benners
than to go out with
the radgiest pensioner ever.
Are you pissed?
No, I've been really good.
Maybe a daiquiri or two
to get warmed up.
I feel like we should go, yous.
(cheering)
# We like to drink with
Christine
Christine is our mate
# When we drink with Christine
She drinks it down in eight
# Seven, six, five, four
Three, two, one #
(cheering)
Enough sitting around.
Let's hit the strip.
Beni isn't gonna drink itself.
Abbie's nan's here.
She's a bad influence.
I've necked on with a worldie.
To the family!
Geordie Shore. Why aye!
.
It's our final night in Beni
and Nana is already pissed.
I'm definitely gonna have to
babysit
tonight.
I love Benidorm, me.
This club is fucking unreal.
Abbie's nan's here
and that means one thing.
Everyone's mortal.
She's a bad influence.
Ooh, Nana! You little minx!
Benidorm has had its fair share
of drama.
Me hitting Sam
and Nathan with Chloe.
But us girls have managed to
keep
our shit together.
I feel like one of the girls
and that I'm finally fitting in.
There is one thing missing.
A lad to pull.
Operation wing woman.
Let's find Faith some cock.
I can't believe that chat-up
line
worked!
He is fit, but before this can
go
any further,
he needs to pass
my compatibility questionnaire.
This isn't a great start.
Fucking hell. This is painful.
She needs help.
(cheering)
It just goes to show you only
need
one question.
I'm having an amazing night.
I've necked on with a worldie
and this blondie's not bad
either.
Nana is doing an all-nighter.
She is going to the airport
from the club.
She is the radgiest of the
radge.
I can't believe these kids
are making me go.
Nana has just got started.
Never mind. Next stop, duty
free.
I've been thinking about this
all day.
It's time I told Chloe the
reason
I got upset with her
and try to get us back on track.
Nathan's right.
We have drifted apart.
It's not my fault.
We need to make time.
It's upset us that I hurt
Nathan.
It's hard trying to please
my best friend and boyfriend.
It's gonna take time.
Tonight has been mint.
But come on, you radgies.
Let's get back to the villa.
Thank you.
I am fucking mortal.
Benidorm has ruined me.
You've absolutely done me in.
Tonight has been such a good
fucking good night.
How are we gonna get on
the aeroplane this morning?
Keep drinking!
Look at the orchid.
Here's some food.
So, you know how Faith pulled?
When she pulls people,
she asks them questions.
That's why he walked away.
Excuse me, Sophie.
He didn't walk away, actually.
He kept his sauce in the fridge.
It was never gonna work.
Where do you keep your tomato
sauce?
In the fucking fridge. Cupboard.
In the fucking cupboard.
Imagine hot chips on a hot day.
Ooh. What's nicer than dipping
them
in a cool-ass dip of tomato
sauce?
Do you know what's nicer than -
And then this sacrilege.
If you want your food cooled
down,
the sauce you pick is mayonnaise
that's kept in the fridge.
Ooooooh.
Fridge. Cupboard. Cupboard.
Fridge.
What the fuck?
Order! Order!
You savage!
Mayonnaise is egg,
so it's gotta be in the fridge
or you get salmonella.
Where the fuck do you put
your tomatoes?
If you don't put them in the
fridge,
they'll go off.
I don't buy my tomatoes to go
off
in one day.
In one day!
Tomato sauce! Tomato sauce!
What the fuck, Sophie?
Sauce all over.
And that sauce, bitch,
has been put straight in
the motherfucking fridge.
You're a fucking cunt.
Let's agree to disagree.
But we can definitely agree
Benidorm's been amazing.
Benidorm has actually been
one trip
that we all started off as
friends.
We've had a massive blow out.
Sam got chinned by Sophie,
me and Chloe had a massive fall
out.
But we're still a family,
all together, right?
The family is in a good place
and life couldn't get any
better.
To the family!
Howay!
Goodbye, Benidorm.
Hello, the Toon.
(cheering)
Hello, yous.
Holly is finally back.
We are doing Newcastle Pride.
(cheering)
Aussie Aussie Aussie!
It's Alex from Australia.
My heart is absolutely racing.
We've got unfinished business.
Calm down. Sophie is right
there.
Is he fuck hurting me.
Go back to Australia.
His hair's shit.
He needs to learn a lesson.
(cries)
He's hurting Sophie.
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go hard
# Let's party, party
# Oi oi
Wanna go hard?
# Let's party hard #
.